[THEME MUSIC]
>>GEORGE NOORY: It's
been over a decade
since the disappearance of
Malaysia Airlines Flight 370.
They call it MH370.
And we have yet to have
any real concrete answers.
Ashton Forbes, an
IT consultant, began
investigating the
disappearance of MH370
after footage leaked on the
internet just two years ago.
That's all.
He believes the footage shows
the plane being abducted
by what appears to be UFOs.
However, these are not
extraterrestrial UFOs,
but UFOs created, he
says, by the US Navy.
Ashton, welcome to the program.
>>ASHTON FORBES:
Thank you, Mr. Noory.
I appreciate it.
And thank you for being here--
thank you for having me.
>>NOORY: This is a bizarre case.
239 people, including crew,
disappeared on March 8th, 2014.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: The plane
has yet to be found.
That's unheard of--
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --in modern
day technology.
>>FORBES: Absolutely.
I mean, this is 11 years
later and the plane
is still completely missing.
So the first thing that people
have to realize in this case
is that planes don't
disappear in 2014.
The engines are
supposedly being tracked.
We have hundreds of, if not
thousands of satellites,
back in 2014.
Now we have tens of
thousands of potentially
of satellites in the sky.
We have acoustic systems that
can hear a tiny submersible
implode near the Titanic.
So we would have
heard a plane crash.
And then lastly, we have
these over-the-horizon radars,
including one called the
Jindalee Operational Radar
Network in Australia.
They can see for
thousands of miles.
How is it that nobody
saw this plane?
If you look at all the evidence
that was never released,
we have satellite
data, acoustics
information,
telephone information.
Nothing was ever put
out to the public.
So clearly, there's some
form of cover up at play.
>>NOORY: And the plane was going
from Kuala Lumpur to Beijing
in China.
>>FORBES: Yep.
>>NOORY: It was flying for only
40 minutes and then disappeared.
>>FORBES: Yep.
And here's the thing is that
there was so much confusion
when the plane disappeared.
Like what time did it
actually disappear?
Where exactly did it disappear?
40 minutes after
the plane takes off,
it's over the South China
Sea flying to Beijing.
>>NOORY: That's right.
>>FORBES: And it goes dark.
But why?
>>NOORY: Oof.
>>FORBES: Why did the plane
go dark at that moment?
If you look at
all the witnesses,
you find out that
everybody was pointing
to some type of emergency event,
some type of fire type event.
Mike Mackay was on
an oil rig staring
at the plane at that point
when the plane went dark.
And he saw the plane on
fire for a few seconds.
And then what
happened to the plane?
It turned around.
It wasn't an
automatic turnaround.
They could tell
based on the angle
that it was a manual turn back.
And where does the
pilot take the plane?
They take it to the
closest airport,
which is Penang Airport, that
can land-- a Boeing 777 can
land there safely.
>>NOORY: Yes.
And you come from
an IT background.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Tell me
more about that.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
I've worked in healthcare
IT my entire life.
I tell people that I am nobody
special with respect to this.
I never grew up in
the UFO community
learning the lore of
the UFO community.
I just happen to
be somebody that
saw the MH370 videos
in August of 2023
online just like everybody else.
And I said instead of
everybody else was saying,
these videos have to be
fake, they have to be fake.
I said, what would it
take for these videos
to actually be real?
If those videos are
real, there must
be some corroborating evidence
in the story of the plane,
in the videos themselves, or
in the science that is being
presented in those videos.
And so what I've dedicated my
life to the last two years,
outside of my normal
job, is trying
to understand all those aspects,
understand what really happened
to this missing
plane, understand
the type of
technology that might
be out there in black
projects, and to try
to understand what is the
nature of those videos
and who recorded them, how
did they get on the internet.
So basically,
everything that you
could imagine about the
situation of the plane,
>>NOORY: There are
apparently two sources
for the so-called leak videos
of the disappearance of MH370.
They are videos from a US
satellite and a US drone.
We're going to focus
on the satellite first,
and I want you to tell
us what we're looking at.
>>FORBES: And it took
us about two years
to first understand what
the satellite video is.
The satellite video just
says satellite video airliner
and UFOs, in the name of it.
And it says received
March 12, 2014,
which is only four days
after the plane disappeared.
>>NOORY: That's it.
>>FORBES: It also
says source protected,
which would imply that this
would potentially be a leak.
When we look at the date
it was actually uploaded
on the internet though, it was
published on YouTube may 19th,
2014.
So this is about 70 days
after the plane disappeared.
Now this is of-- the first piece
of evidence is the timeline.
We have a timeline now where
we have a very narrow window
of time where this
video was 100% confirmed
to be on the internet after
the plane disappeared.
And if you believe
the description,
then that narrow window
of time is so small
that there's no possible way
the videos could be faked.
Four days after the
plane disappeared,
we were still searching in
the South China Sea then.
Now, the satellite
video is not actually
looking through a satellite
that's flying around the Earth.
It's more complicated than that.
The United States
military has something
called WAMI, Wide
Area Motion Imagery.
I think we've actually
identified the exact asset that
is recording that as Argus IR.
Argus IR is a version
of this WAMI footage.
And this WAMI footage,
Wide Area Motion Imagery,
can take data from
multiple assets,
like a satellite in the sky,
from a drone that's flying,
a high altitude plane, and they
beam it through relay satellites
to a ground-based computer.
And then they store all
that data in giant--
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>FORBES: --servers.
And they can create a
virtual playback environment
of possibly anywhere
on the planet,
but anywhere they
had those assets.
So what we're looking at is one
of the first questions people
ask is why were they filming?
Who's filming this?
>>NOORY: Who's doing it?
>>FORBES: And the answer
is there's only one answer.
It has to be an operation.
The only reason why they
have multiple assets filming,
including this satellite
video, which is really
this massive Wide
Area Motion Imagery,
is because this whole
thing was planned out.
They had the whole operation
on this plane planned out ahead
of time.
>>NOORY: There's
no accident here?
>>FORBES: There's no accident.
And that's the big secret
about these videos.
I'm somebody who has no problem
believing in aliens and UFOs,
actually.
I'm open minded to that.
But those videos are not
showing aliens or UFOs.
They're showing a government
operation that was planned out
from the beginning, and
that's the only reason why
those assets are even there.
Now, what's happening
in that WAMI footage?
Somebody on a computer, and
they've pulled up a window.
So they, in the background,
they can see, imagine,
like all of this, a major city.
And they press somewhere on the
screen and a window pops up.
And now they're doing
a video tracking
playback of an airplane, a
person, anything that they want.
And the person who's
actually recording that
is moving the cursor
around and they're
pressing the middle
mouse and they're
moving the screen around.
And what's happening is they're
recording just the window.
And so we see these orbs
circle around the plane.
They do this dance, and then
the plane, poof, disappears.
The operator moves the screen
further to the right afterwards.
They want to show
us there's no plane.
It's not hiding over to
the right or anything.
And then the last
thing that happens
is the mouse cursor goes to
the top right of the screen,
and then the screen goes black.
Why does the screen go black?
Because they closed the window
that they were looking at.
And the screen is
still recording,
but it's recording
a black window.
And that's why there's
one more minute
of black recording in
that, which to me I think
is extremely powerful evidence.
But if that's not
enough, that same video
has satellite coordinates in it.
There are coordinates in the
bottom left or GPS coordinates.
It says N-R-O-L-22.
And then it has six decimal
places of coordinates,
just like you would
see in Google Earth.
And they only move when
the screen moves around.
These coordinates are the real
location of Malaysian Airlines
flight 370 in the Nicobar
Islands on March 7th at 1840
UTC.
Here's the craziest part.
1840 UTC, that location,
if you go look back
at when Malaysian Airlines
disappeared, back to our--
>>NOORY: Which is
March 8th, 2014.
>>FORBES: And the
time, that was the time
they said they lost contact
with the plane originally.
They changed the time later on.
You can find-- there's a report
that says Subang air traffic
control lost contact with
Malaysian Airlines at 2:40 AM,
also known as 1840 UTC.
>>NOORY: Where do you
think the plane went?
>>FORBES: So this
is the big mystery,
is that it seems like
they just created
this fake story of the plane
going into the South Indian
Ocean.
That location in
the Nicobar Islands
is the location where they
say these satellite pings
all of a sudden
say, oh, the plane
just took a south
turn right here
and just flew for five hours--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>NOORY: --the pilot.
There was testimony about that,
that he took it into a dive.
>>FORBES: And that's
the thing about that
is that there was a Cardiff
University paper that
was published in May of
2024, and they did tests
on all different angles
that the plane would
have dived into the
water-based on its mass.
And no matter what, it
would have created a shock
wave so powerful that it would
have measured on the Richter
scale.
Like a two or to
three earthquake
would have been detected,
and they would have heard it.
>>NOORY: Shouldn't we
have been able to find it
with today's technology?
>>FORBES: No question,
we would have found it.
And that's the most
absurd part about this.
Remember that Titan sub that
imploded off the Titanic?
>>NOORY: Yes.
>>FORBES: The Navy heard
it the moment it happened.
And they didn't say anything.
For five days, they didn't
say anything about it.
And then five days later,
they come out admit, oh, yep,
we heard that
implode immediately.
And by the way, we're
going to go pick it up.
So not only did they
hear it immediately,
and this is a tiny
submersible, they
triangulated the exact
location of the debris as well.
They've got this
system called SOSUS.
It's the Sound
Surveillance System.
The Navy's had it
for 70 years or so.
They actually declassified it
in the 90s because they have
something better now.
And they can pinpoint
anything that
happens in the ocean,
basically anywhere.
So it's absolutely ludicrous
to think that they somehow
don't know what happened to
this massive airplane that
disappeared.
>>NOORY: There's
been talk that there
was a fire on board the plane.
Did you ever hear that?
>>FORBES: This was an event that
was not really widely discussed.
But if you actually researched
the fire event around MH370,
you will find at least
two major stories
by experts that were
adamant, that there
must have been a
lithium ion battery
fire on board this plane.
One of them, Billy Vincent,
former security director
of the FAA, he speculated
that before it was even
known that there were
batteries on board the plane.
And so I ended up
reaching out to him
and having a long conversation
with him about it.
And even 10 years later,
he's more convinced
that there was a fire on board
the plane because the scenario
was so similar to UPS Flight 6.
And that was a cargo plane
but had a similar issue, where
they had lithium ion batteries.
And the pilot was not even able
to get the hood on before he
was knocked out unconscious.
And the co-pilot
couldn't land the plane
because the smoke was
occluding the windshield.
So in that situation, they
ended up crashing the plane
and both of them ended up dying.
And so Billy Vincent
was convinced
that some situation
like that must
have happened at MH370
because of the flight path,
because of the
batteries, et cetera.
And another guy, Dr.
Ettel, also speculated,
there's a Daily Beast
article about that,
that this plane was on fire.
And looking at it, it
seems just no doubt,
it must have been a fire event.
There are 20 witnesses,
including Mike McKay,
who I spoke of earlier.
There are eight
people along the coast
that heard loud noises the same
exact moment the plane went
dark.
They were fishermen that were
about 10 miles away from where
the plane turned around.
And they see this
plane flying low,
which would indicate
not that it's
a pilot that's trying to knock
everybody out on the plane.
They're trying to get
oxygen into the plane
because it's on fire.
There's a fire on the plane.
And then the last
one is Katherine Tee.
She's probably the star witness.
She's right near
the Nicobar Islands,
within 100 miles of the
coordinates in the satellite
video.
And she has this
detailed sighting
of seeing this
glowing orange plane,
with this hazy glow to it,
flying low with no navigation
lights, no power.
And it's got black smoke
coming out of the back of it.
People out there can even just
ask AI what this would all mean,
and you're going to find
out that this is perfectly
consistent with a
lithium ion battery fire
that's got this dark smoke
coming out of the vents
from the air
conditioning system.
That the glowing
orange is because
of the bromine in the Halon
1301 fire extinguishing devices.
>>NOORY: It still
doesn't explain, Ashton--
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --why the pilot
didn't say something.
>>FORBES: Why do we
assume they didn't?
This is one of my
favorite things,
is that I think we have
proof they did say something.
They just classified
the communications.
Do we really think the last
communication was good night,
Malaysian Airlines flight
370 and then the plane
just disappeared?
>>NOORY: No.
>>FORBES: No way.
No way.
They classified
the communications.
We know that, because the
Malaysian minister of defense
in April, seven weeks after
the plane disappeared,
he does this really
long interview.
He won't answer any questions.
But one thing he says is he says
the reason they didn't send up
jets to track the plane because
they knew it wasn't hostile.
Wait.
How did he know
it wasn't hostile?
You can't know a plane is
not hostile from radar.
You could only know
it's not hostile
because you had
communication with them.
And let me throw this out there.
We've got those coordinates,
Nicobar Islands.
We've got Katherine Tee.
She's within 100 miles
of those coordinates.
There's a third source.
There's a China Times report
only reported in the China
times, that China intercepted
a communication between the US
Navy and the Malaysian Airlines
flight 370 pilot at 1843 UTC,
which is 2:43 AM, within
five minutes of Katherine
Tee's sighting of the plane
disintegrating and attempting
an emergency landing.
And when you look at
the videos, you're
seeing a plane flying low.
We know because we see
cumulus clouds in the video.
These are low altitude clouds.
So that plane is
flying low, and it's
descending and circling
in the video, which
would indicate they might be
trying to land in the ocean.
So we have three different
sources of corroboration,
the videos, Katherine
Tee's sighting,
and this China Times report that
the West never picked up on.
And instead of going with
that China Times report,
which would indicate the plane
disappearing around 2:43 AM
or 1843 UTC, all of a sudden
the time just gets changed.
They say, nope, we didn't lose
contact with the plane at 1840.
It was actually at 1730 UTC.
That was when we really
lost contact with the plane.
>>NOORY: Weren't there about
a dozen Chinese engineers
on the plane?
>>FORBES: Yap.
There were 20
semiconductor engineers
from Freescale Semiconductors.
This company was very prominent.
They were connected to
US aerospace and defense.
And if you look at
their books, they
had some sketchy stuff
going on in their books.
They were bought out by the
Carlyle Group and BlackRock
around 2006, I believe it was.
But they bought them out--
the way they bought them
out saddled them with debt,
like a $10 to $11
billion in debt.
So actually in around 2011, the
company was at its lowest point.
They had $7.6 billion in debt.
They were losing a
$1 billion per year.
And then they have this
restructuring happen.
And then in 2014, 20 of their
most important engineers
disappear on this plane.
And then the next year,
the company gets sold off.
All the equity holders,
they get bailed out.
They would have
lost a lot of money.
Now they don't lose
any money anymore.
But that's not even the
most suspicious part.
Probably the most suspicious
part about the engineers
is that we found a 2006 NSA,
National Security Agency,
report about the
commercial emergence
of superconductive microchips.
And Freescale Semiconductors
is listed, I think,
nine times throughout
the report.
>>NOORY: Wow.
>>FORBES: And people
don't understand
these superconductive
microchips--
like superconductivity is
zero resistance in a circuit.
And a lot of people, especially
in the UFO community,
have now been pushing this
idea that superconductivity
has a lot of parallels to flying
saucers, levitation, et cetera.
So I just think that that
can't be a coincidence.
Plus the fact that in 2013,
Freescale Semiconductors
signed a contract to provide
US aerospace and defense
with serving their
RF power needs.
Supposedly their radio
frequency power needs.
So the overall story to me--
there's probably a
different stories
that can make sense
given the evidence,
but the one that makes
the most sense to me
is that this was a planned
espionage event, maybe even
counter espionage.
Like you could imagine these
engineers are going to China,
and they're never going
to come back from China.
And we knew about it.
And we said, we're not
going to let that happen.
In fact, one of the
earliest theories I had
is that they must have
some intellectual property
in their minds that is
related to the technology we
get seen used on the plane.
>>NOORY: Could this have
been a message to China?
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: Stop doing
what you're doing.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
And several people
speculated that.
So the first person,
I want to give credit
to Joseph P. Farrell.
Joseph P. Farrell has
written a lot of books
about plasmas and UFOs.
Very intelligent guy.
Just days after the
plane disappeared,
he did an audio interview.
And he speculated that
about the engineers.
He said, it almost seems like
it would be somebody sending
a message to somebody else.
He even speculated that
they might have teleported
the plane, which is wild.
But then he said the only
reason why he didn't really
stick with it is he
thought, well, there's
easier ways to take them out.
Just shoot a rocket at it.
Why are we doing
something so complicated?
But to your point, why?
Because it's a message.
It's a message to
our adversaries.
Don't steal our people.
Don't steal our technology.
And you imagine that you
are, Putin or Xi and now
a civilian airliner just
disappeared out of the sky.
You know that the United
States is responsible
but the United States has all
the media, convincing the world
that, oh, it was a
crazy pilot and he just
somehow made the plane go dark.
I would be absolutely
terrified if I
was one of the leaders of
our adversarial nations.
Because at any moment, we can
make their plane disappear out
of the sky and--
>>NOORY: Poof.
>>FORBES: --we can then
just convince the world
that, Oh, it was
a clouds, weather,
it was a weather accident.
>>NOORY: And everybody
forgets about it?
>>FORBES: And everybody
forgets about it.
>>NOORY: Who do you think
leaked the videos and why?
>>FORBES: I have identified
the leaker of the videos
as Lieutenant Commander
Edward C. Lin.
In October of 2023,
I spent several weeks
after I had figured
out that I have
a good psychological
profile of the person that
leaked the videos.
They had to be a
military person.
The way the video was
recorded wasn't a camera.
So somebody had direct access
to both of those videos.
They had to be relatively
high ranked as well.
So I started digging
through people.
There's these lists that
you can look through
for people who are charged
with willful retention
of classified
information, espionage.
And when I got to
Edward C. Lin, I
couldn't believe
what I was seeing.
The guy had checked every box.
He flew on this super secret
spy plane program called
the VPU-2 Wizards for the Navy.
And the Wizards, this
is the type of people
that they take their badges off
when they are doing operations
overseas.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>FORBES: Because they're
doing black operations.
>>NOORY: They don't want
anybody to know who they are.
>>FORBES: Exactly.
If they get caught or whatever.
So he's already
checked that box.
Turns out he has
signals intelligence.
I had found out that
signals intelligence were
how all these assets
are communicating
to the ground-based
computers as well.
We trusted him.
He was the Congressional
liaison for the Navy.
So he was actually
the guy that they
would submit the black
budgets to the Congress
to go ahead and approve
them, to say, hey,
you need to approve these
billions of dollars.
We can't explain why, but
you need to just sign off.
He was that guy.
So he was actually exposed
to our black budgets
and potentially secret
technology as well.
>>NOORY: I want
to look at a video
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: And our
incredible production team
has split screen for both clips.
The videos are shot from
different angles, synced
perfectly to the second one.
Let's take a look.
Look at this.
What are we looking at, Ashton?
>>FORBES: Yeah.
So these are the two videos.
Right off the bat, you
can tell that you're
looking at real clouds here.
These are not
computer-generated clouds.
And the video on
the right, we can
tell that we're actually looking
at somebody manually tracking
the plane from the camera.
And we can see--
>>NOORY: That is MH370?
>>FORBES: Yeah.
You are looking at
MH370 being circled
by three spheres of plasma.
>>NOORY: Bizarre.
>>FORBES: We can
tell they're plasma,
because look in the
thermal, it doesn't really
look like a solid object.
It almost looks--
>>NOORY: It's seen
on the left too.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
And in the left,
look at how accurate
or how perfect the
movement of the orbs are.
Like they're in a
perfect triangle--
>>NOORY: Perfect
synchronization.
>>FORBES: Perfect
And the heat signatures of
the orbs of the plasma orbs
is a clear sign that these
are a double-layered plasma.
They figured out how to separate
positive and negative charge
and keep it separated in the
plasma, which what this does
is it turns that ball of
plasma into a lightning bolt.
>>NOORY: Who captured
that video again?
>>FORBES: So that's the
United States military.
So the one is this WAMI footage.
>>NOORY: What were
they doing out there?
>>FORBES: They had to have
been planning that operation.
And this is where people
say, Ashton, you're
saying it's a fire
event, but now you're
saying these orbs are
teleporting the plane?
And I'm saying it's both.
And to me there's only
two possibilities.
One, the fire was accidental.
And they deployed these
orbs because there's
VIPs on the plane, or they were
trying to save it, or something.
>>NOORY: Let's look
at it again, Ashton.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
Let's look at it one more time.
>>NOORY: Here we go.
>>FORBES: And again, we can
tell that the clouds are low.
You can see the smoke coming
out of the back of the plane.
That cannot be contrails,
because this plane is flying
low.
So that actually
has to be smoke.
And the smoke is circulating
throughout the cabin
of the plane and then pumping it
out through the air conditioning
exhaust ports
underneath the plane.
>>NOORY: Well, do you
think at this point there's
something wrong with the plane?
>>FORBES: Oh, yeah.
I think this plane is doomed.
I think that if this
plane hits the water,
it's going to break
into a million pieces
and everybody is
going to be doomed.
In fact, for the
people out there,
I'm not trying to
give hope to anybody.
I think that even in this
scenario, unfortunately,
I think all the passengers,
unfortunately, did not make it.
Look at the orbs.
Look at the dark lines
in front of the orbs.
That is a huge, huge tell.
>>NOORY: Look at that.
>>FORBES: The dark lines
in front of the orbs
are gravity propulsion.
They're actually changing
space time in front of them
to make a geodesic path,
like a gravitational path
that they follow.
>>NOORY: But the plane looks
like it was under control.
>>FORBES: Oh, yeah.
Somebody is controlling
that plane there.
And what they're
doing is they're
creating a field around it.
And the equilibrium point, the
zero point between the orbs
is where the plane's at.
Why?
Because that's a dead zone
in the magnetic field.
So what that does
is that's like--
just like a warp
drive, the safe point
is the point in the middle.
And you make a bubble around it.
And that's what
those orbs are doing.
And that's why I'm so convinced
that it's not annihilation
that those orbs are
doing in that plane,
that they're actually
teleporting it somewhere else.
>>NOORY: And that
wasn't added in later?
There's no artificial
intelligence here?
>>FORBES: Well, I'm not
going to go that far.
But I will say
that I think there
might be artificial
intelligence at play there.
But I'm not saying
nobody edited that.
>>NOORY: And it's not doctored?
>>FORBES: No, it's not doctored.
Some people will think that
they doctored it in the zap
at the end.
I'm happy for people to believe
whatever they want to believe.
But look at it from
this perspective.
The only person that could have
made that video, would have
all the knowledge required, is
going to be the United States
military or intelligence.
>>NOORY: Of the two
screens, which video
do you think was the
most incriminating?
>>FORBES: From-- this
is a great question.
From an investigation
standpoint,
the satellite video is more
incriminating because it
has the coordinates in there.
It really tells us exactly
where that plane is.
And if you just draw a straight
line from the last radar plot,
you get right to
those coordinates.
Like it's that simple.
That to me is enough proof that
if we were in a court of law,
like you people have got
to do some explaining.
But the thermal video,
the drone video, that's
the one they didn't want
China and Russia to see.
That's the one they
didn't want me to see.
Because that's the one
where we can figure out
the exact nature of this
physics and how it's possible.
And I think it connects
to the UFO stuff.
>>NOORY: Ashton, explain to us
what these 239 people aboard
the plane, which includes
12 crew members--
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --what's going on
in the plane at that time?
>>FORBES: So this
plane had been on fire
for over an hour after
that plane had gone dark,
from the point we see it in
the coordinates in the video.
>>NOORY: And when
you say fire, are we
talking about a little
smoke in the cabin?
>>FORBES: We're talking about--
>>NOORY: Somewhere in
the luggage area, where?
>>FORBES: Fire that's
contained within the cargo bay.
So we're not talking about
the plane itself is on fire.
We're talking about a
localized fire in the cargo bay
with the lithium ion batteries
that were stacked up there.
And they have a very
predictable burn rate.
Lithium ion batteries do.
>>NOORY: 40 minutes
into the flight?
>>FORBES: 40 minutes
into the flight.
Presumably, those
batteries either ignited,
or they were igniting
right before that.
That's when the pilot, plane
goes dark, turns around.
Now, they would been
battling the fire.
They would have had-- the
automatic fire suppression
devices would have deployed.
The pilot would have probably
deployed the manual fire
suppression devices.
And at that point,
they're just trying
to keep the plane intact
as long as possible.
>>NOORY: Wouldn't
he have radioed
to somebody, I got a
fire on board this plane,
I got a problem?
>>FORBES: They
almost certainly did.
And then the question is, how
come we haven't been made aware
of those?
Well, the answer
is pretty clear.
If they released any
communication that said,
we've got a fire on board this
plane, what's the first question
everyone is going to ask?
Where's the plane?
>>NOORY: Where's the plane?
And what are the orbs?
What are the orbs?
>>FORBES: Yeah,
what are the orbs?
The orbs are balls of plasma.
They are double
layer balls of plasma
that are charge separated, just
like a battery or a capacitor.
>>NOORY: Were they
shot out at the plane?
>>FORBES: We can't tell
exactly where they came from,
but it could come from a
satellite, a plane, a submarine.
The second drone looks like
it comes from the water.
>>NOORY: And what's
their purpose?
>>FORBES: And so their
purpose can be many purposes.
So in this case, I think
they're teleporting the plane.
But this technology can
have tons of purposes.
They could just
be mapping things.
You can use this technology
to map the entire building
that we're in, for
example, from the outside.
So it could be used just
for monitoring things.
You could be using things
to annihilate something.
I think that this technology
is the perfect defense
against a hypersonic missile.
Hypersonic missiles are no
threat to the United States.
We can teleport a nuke
back into the Kremlin.
We can detonate a
nuke from outer space
within five seconds of
the ICBM taking off.
So what are these orbs?
These orbs are the most secret
superweapon in the United States
arsenal.
This is the biggest
leak of intelligence
ever in the history
of the United States.
And the last thing we need
to know about the orbs
is they're not just something
that teleports planes.
The moment you see a
coherent ball of plasma,
where we've figured out
how to stabilize plasma,
you've cracked fusion.
They've cracked fusion.
>>NOORY: At what point,
Ashton, did the plane disappear
in a flash of light.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
Two hours into the flight.
One hour 20 minutes
after the plane
went dark in the
Nicobar Islands,
that's the point
where these orbs are
appearing around the plane.
>>NOORY: What is
the flash of light?
>>FORBES: The flash of light,
that's another great question.
So what happens
is that these orbs
are converging on
one another, and they
are producing negative energy.
Negative energy is
the thing that physics
says we need to produce a
warp drive or a wormhole.
The way they're doing
this is imagine each orb
is an atom, a
hydrogen atom, which
has a positively charged
center and a negatively charged
electron around it.
What these orbs are
doing is they're reducing
the ground state of the atom.
So the ground state
of the atom would
say the electron volt
is minus 13.6 EVs.
What these are doing is
they're reducing it further.
So they're going from
minus 13.6 to say minus 20.
And what this does is
there's an energy difference.
That's negative energy release.
And what it's releasing in the
videos is ultraviolet light.
>>NOORY: Is that cold fusion?
>>FORBES: No, that's not
directly cold fusion.
But it's huge because
ultraviolet light, this is--
so when this negative
energy happens,
we see this ultraviolet
release flash.
So that's why in the satellite
video we see the flash.
But in the drone
video, it's black.
And it's cold because
ultraviolet light does not
show up in a thermal camera.
And that's why it's all black.
So from a fusion perspective,
to answer that question,
the reason why we've
never solved fusion
is because we
discounted gravity.
We looked up at the
sun and we said, well,
the sun is producing
fusion through gravity,
but we can't manipulate gravity.
So instead, let's just
make it really hot.
Let's just make it really hot.
But that's not the way to do it.
Because if I make this
ball of plasma really hot,
I'm just randomly hoping my ions
come together to create fusion.
It's just a random chance.
Instead, what you want to do is
you want to use gravity and say,
force the ions to come together,
force their paths to intersect.
That's why gravity is
the solution to fusion.
That's why cold fusion is not--
like what Pons and
Fleischmann did,
cold fusion is the
idea that we just
don't need to achieve
fusion through temperature.
We can achieve it other ways.
And the last thought then
is those balls of plasma
that we were looking at in
that video, they're blue
and a little bit
of green on them.
>>NOORY: How big are they?
>>FORBES: About 20
feet in diameter.
>>NOORY: Each?
>>FORBES: Each.
So they are--
>>NOORY: Huge.
>>FORBES: They are big.
Big.
And those balls of
plasma, they are
cold non-equilibrium plasmas.
So the temperature is
the same as the air.
>>NOORY: Well, let's take
a look at the slowed down
version of the video showing
the fusion signature.
>>FORBES: OK.
>>NOORY: And tell us
what we're looking at.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
So here you see the
green part of the orb.
It's mostly blue, but you
see this green or yellow heat
signature in there.
What you're seeing there
is that's the electrons,
the negatively charged
part of the orb.
And it's being pulled
towards the magnetic field
that the plasma
orbs are creating.
So the orbs are spinning
around the plane,
and they're creating this
magnetic field around the plane.
And what that does is it
pulls that heat signature
towards the magnetic field.
And so when I actually looked
into the science of this,
I found that if this is correct,
when each plasma orb gets
to the front of the
plane, its heat signature
should be parallel to
the axis of the plane.
And it turns out that heat
signature always either faces
left or to the right when
in front of the plane, which
indicates that the reason
why we see that signature
is because of the
magnetic field.
So before the orb starts
spinning around the plane,
there in like glow
mode, which would
mean that you can
see the negatively
charged sphere of electrons
around the entire ball.
So it looks yellow.
But once the orb starts
spinning around the plane,
that yellow part
moves, and it gets
stuck on one side or
the other of the orb
depending on the magnetic field.
So everything we're seeing
in there is just physics.
>>NOORY: These orbs,
Ashton, are putting off
some dark trails behind it.
What are they?
>>FORBES: So those dark
trails are actually
not behind the orbs.
They're in front of the orbs.
So those dark trails, I
would call that warp drive.
Warp drive does not
have to be superluminal.
So--
>>NOORY: So they're
in front, not behind?
>>FORBES: In front.
>>NOORY: Let's take a look at
the video to demonstrate that.
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: It's remarkable
that you spotted that.
>>FORBES: And this is the thing
I think is going to be the first
thing that gets confirmed
from the UFO community,
is that we're
going to see this--
I call it endothermic
propulsion.
They're pulling
energy out of space.
That's why it's cold and black.
And what you see is
that's their future path.
They're following
that path forward.
So I presume this is
some kind of laser
that they're projecting out in
front of them that pulls energy
from the environment,
somehow contracts space time,
allowing them to fall
through that path.
>>NOORY: Who's
controlling the orbs?
>>FORBES: That's the AI part.
There's no way humans are
controlling those orbs.
It's too perfect.
Like the way they're
spinning around it,
the military must
have some AI that's
more advanced than what we have.
Because those videos
are from 2014,
and I think OpenAI
didn't start until 2015.
So--
>>NOORY: If the orbs
had hit the plane,
would anything have happened?
>>FORBES: Well, that's
what happens at the end.
So at the end what
happens is the orbs,
they have some kind of mechanism
to control the configuration.
So you imagine that
each orb has its spin.
Its magnetic field is either
up, down, left, or right.
And all three orbs are going
to have a configuration.
And what they do
right before they end
is they change
the configuration.
And you can see the
orbs blur for a second.
And then right after
that, they converge.
>>NOORY: Are they physical,
or they were just lights?
>>FORBES: They're physical.
This is another great question.
You've got a lot of good ones.
Because a lot of people think
that they read those Forbes
articles in 2020 that said, oh,
we've got these plasma balls,
but they're like
illusions or holograms.
These are real physical objects.
Now, I don't think you
can see them though,
because the ultraviolet
light they release,
invisible to the human
eye, which would also
mean if you can
even see the orbs,
it might just look
like a blur in the sky.
>>NOORY: At what point
into the 40 minute
flight did these orbs pop up?
>>FORBES: So 40
minutes into the plane,
I don't believe the orbs popped
up when the plane went dark.
A lot of people tried
to speculate, oh, well,
the plane went
dark 40 minutes in.
Maybe that's when
the orbs got there.
But that's not what
the coordinates say.
The coordinates are in a
completely different location.
So that's where I'm saying that
the plane goes dark because
of the fire, turns around,
goes to the nearest airport,
but can't land there.
Probably because--
>>NOORY: They're 40 minutes out.
>>FORBES: So yeah.
So 40 minutes to get to the
point where they go dark
and then another 40 minutes--
>>NOORY: To get back
>>FORBES: --to
get to the airport
where they're going to try to
land, and they don't land there.
But we know they tried.
Why?
Because the
co-pilot's cell phone
pinged a cell tower,
which means that someone
had to be trying to connect to
the ground with a cell phone.
They were probably trying
to say, we can't land.
We can't see anything.
We have no power.
>>NOORY: Did they think
they were under attack?
>>FORBES: I don't
think the people
on the plane could
have seen the orbs.
I'm not for sure about
that, but I doubt it.
My guess is the people were
extremely confused on the plane.
You can imagine your plane
starts on fire out of nowhere.
You're now in an
emergency scenario.
You've got the
masks coming down.
So what I think
happened there then
is that after the
plane couldn't land,
the US Navy came over,
probably encrypted
communications, and said,
here's the rendezvous point.
We're going to save you.
Come to this point.
And you could have said anything
to them at that point because--
>>NOORY: And they would have--
[INTERPOSING VOICES]
>>FORBES: Exactly.
And the rendezvous
point is where
we see the plane in the videos.
And for whatever reason,
people say, well,
why did they choose that point?
My guess is because the South
China Sea is too close to China,
and China has surveillance
apparatus there.
So the idea would be move
it away from China, teleport
the plane, and then nobody
knows where the plane went.
>>NOORY: Do you think
this is all about China?
>>FORBES: I think that
behind the scenes,
there is absolutely a shadow
arms race over this UFO
technology potentially between
China, Russia, and the United
States.
And I think that's
what this is really
about, is that this is really
the United States pushing back
at China and Russia in
2014, saying we figured out
the secret UFO technology.
We've advanced it to the point
where we can teleport stuff.
And if you try to mess with
us, you will be annihilated.
>>NOORY: How dangerous
is the technology?
>>FORBES: Extremely dangerous.
In fact, the thing I
thought about the most
before this interview today
is how dangerous this is
and how fast this is
starting to come out.
I actually thought this would
take like 10 to 20 more years
before people start to
accept that this stuff could
be possible, and it's happening
much quicker than that.
And I'm scared
because as somebody
who understands the physics, you
look at that plane disappearing.
And from a conventional
standpoint,
it should take this
amount of energy
that's equivalent to the size
of Jupiter to cause that event.
And yet we see it with just this
little blip, and it's just gone.
That indicates that
somebody has figured out
the secret to free energy.
They've figured out some way
to cheat the laws of physics
to pull energy out of what
we would think of as nowhere,
or to reduce the
amount of energy that
would be required for
this teleportation event
that we think we need.
And if that's possible,
then the sky's the limit.
Like if you have
free energy, why can
you not produce a black hole.
Why not?
It's just a matter
of engineering it.
>>NOORY: Where do you think
these orbs were launched from?
>>FORBES: Yeah.
I think the second one
came from a submarine,
because you can actually see the
second orb come from the water
and shoot up towards the plane.
The first two seem to
come from the side.
So again, satellite
seems possible,
but airplane also
seems possible.
I imagine they have some
kind of cannon that can
shoot like a plasma orb at it.
>>NOORY: Could they have
come from the plane that
shot the videos?
>>FORBES: Absolutely could have.
Yup.
And it could have come from
the drone that was shooting.
Absolutely.
It could have come from--
I think Edward C. Lin
was on the spy plane
that night staring at the plane.
And there's even
further evidence
of this in the
Netflix documentary.
The French father, Wattrelos,
I believe his last name
is, he was told by an
intelligence source
that the Americans know exactly
what happened to the plane.
And there were two AWACS
spy planes in the area.
In fact, those two AWACS could
have been Edward C. Lin's VPU-2
Wizards plane and the drone.
Those could have been it.
And of course, those would
have been detected on radar.
I mean, those are
planes in the sky.
So again, it goes to
show that how are we
pretending like
the United States
doesn't know what happened to
this, the amount of stuff coming
out there.
And if you were to
ask me like, what
does China, what does
Russia think about this,
they also pointed the
finger at the United States.
There's this Russian
GRU report that
was considered
disinformation that asked why
the US Navy abducted the plane.
And China was hacking
the Malaysian government
the next day.
They hacked the Malaysian
government the next day
and stole crisis
media minute notes
and classified information.
Why was China hacking
the Malaysian government?
Oh, because they knew
something wasn't right.
They knew somebody
took the plane.
They knew the plane
didn't just disappear,
and they were trying to
figure out what happened.
Last thought.
I think it was Witro
from Twitter came up
with this theory, that
what if Edward Lin recorded
it and he wasn't supposed
to have recorded it?
And then China hacked him
and they got the video
and then they just released
it on the internet somewhere.
That's the way I feel
like it played out,
because Edward Lin, everything
about him screams patriot.
And the government came
down super hard on him.
>>NOORY: Sure.
>>FORBES: But they also
kind of forgave him.
Like if it was anybody else,
they would have been in a hole
for the rest of their lives.
He got six years
and then now he's
allowed to live a
normal life again.
So I think it was
an indirect leak.
I don't think he meant
harm when he did it.
Unfortunately, he leaked the
most important videos ever.
And the last thing on Edward Lin
is that recently, we found out
that he changed his name.
Somebody found a YouTube video.
>>NOORY: Why would
he change his name?
>>FORBES: Indeed.
Why?
Especially when you find out
when he changed his name,
you would think, oh, well,
he got out of prison.
Maybe he changed his name
after he got out of prison
because he didn't want to be
associated to this whole thing.
No, he didn't change his name
right after he got prison.
He changed his name two
months after I started
saying he leaked the video.
>>NOORY: After you started?
>>FORBES: December of 2023--
December 29th, 2023, he puts in
the paperwork to have his name
changed to Edward James Soraya.
>>NOORY: In your opinion--
>>FORBES: Yeah.
>>NOORY: --where is MH370?
>>FORBES: My guess is
that they flew that plane
to Diego Garcia, which
is the only place you
could hide a Boeing 777.
There's no commercial airports
you can hide a Boeing 777.
You land at a
commercial airport,
you're going to find that plane.
So it had to either be
somewhere in the water
that we don't know
about, a different area,
because we found nothing in the
South Indian Ocean for 11 years.
Or they took it
apart, they put it
in Diego Garcia and maybe
an underground hangar,
and they tore it apart.
Maybe they threw some pieces--
>>NOORY: Where are
the passengers?
>>FORBES: Those I think that--
I don't have any good
news on that front.
I think that the fire
event most likely
took everybody out because
of the time period.
Remember, there's an hour
and 20 minutes from the plane
going dark, starting on
fire, to the plane being
zapped by the orbs.
>>NOORY: What about the
rubble that was found off
of the coast of Africa?
>>FORBES: The debris?
Here's the thing
about the debris.
I think that is from MH370.
What people don't
realize is that debris
is physically, impossibly, to
far away from the search area.
Actually, you can even
look at the CSIRO.
They did debris drift
test in Australia.
No piece of debris drifted more
than two kilometers per day
on any of their tests.
They need the debris to drift
seven kilometers per day
on average to get to Africa,
three and a half times faster
than what their own
physical tests showed.
There's no way
that debris comes--
And if you look at
the drift analysis,
the ocean currents flow to the
east, where they're searching.
The debris should
have washed ashore
in Australia, not in Africa.
Either that debris
is from MH370.
And if it is, those
satellite pings
that we did and we
searched in South Indian
Ocean have to be fake.
They're just too far away.
>>NOORY: Is it possible,
is it conceivable,
that this plane went through
a wormhole and disappeared?
>>FORBES: That's exactly
what I'm saying happened.
I think the plane went
through a wormhole.
I think we created the wormhole.
I don't think it went
to the Andromeda galaxy.
I don't think it
went to the moon.
The cell phones were
still ringing days later.
There was other indicators,
like people seeing the plane
in the early morning hours,
flying towards Diego Garcia.
That would indicate this plane
was still on Earth somewhere.
So my theory is this plane
was teleported to the West
from the Nicobar Islands
towards the Maldives.
And then from there, there's a
few hour time gap we don't know.
Did it land?
Was there a time
dilation effect?
And then it flies
south to Diego Garcia,
and it gets seen by about 15
islanders on a small island,
see this giant jumbo jet
with steam coming out
of the back of it flying
towards Diego Garcia.
So you either believe that
that debris is accurate,
if the debris is real.
It's funny if you look
at the ocean currents,
a much better location for that
debris to have drifted from
is Diego Garcia military base.
It's a perfect match
for all that debris.
Or that debris is fake and
the satellite pings are real.
And then you have to
ask yourself, well,
we've been searching for 11
years in the South Indian Ocean.
We never found one piece
of debris down there.
No black boxes, nothing,
>>NOORY: Nothing.
>>FORBES: Nothing.
And people try to say, oh,
well, it's really deep.
Or they'll say the
ocean is really big.
Well, are the satellite
pings a legit or not?
If the satellite
pings are legit,
we should know
where the plane is.
>>NOORY: And if they
stopped looking for it?
>>FORBES: They were actually
just recently searching again.
And this is funny
because I told people,
they're going to search again,
they're going to find nothing.
There are two different
vessels, Armada 7808,
I think is what-- or 7806.
And there was a
Chinese vessel that
was just searching
in that one pit
that the guy said, oh, the
guy landed in this secret pit,
whatever.
The China vessel's there.
Supposedly, neither of
them have found anything
because none neither of them
have made any announcements.
So they're also planning on
searching again in November.
And my official stance is
search as much as you want.
I'm extremely confident--
>>NOORY: You're not
going to find it
>>NOORY: You're never
going to find anything.
Keep searching until you can
come to terms with the fact
that it ain't down there.
>>NOORY: The great researcher
Harold Puthoff explained physics
behind the orb.
>>FORBES: Yap.
>>NOORY: Tell us what he said.
>>FORBES: Harold
Puthoff is possibly
the final boss of zero
point energy disclosure.
He's the world's leading
expert on zero point energy.
He comes from a background
of remote viewing
as well, which I
think is interesting.
Harold Puthoff says that we are
in an equilibrium of energy,
and that we're not at the
ground state of energy.
We're in an equilibrium.
And we just don't
feel it because it's
like being in a bathtub.
When the bathtub temperature
equalizes with your body,
it doesn't seem warm anymore.
Same exact idea.
But he says this
energy is so dense
that even just a coffee
cup of empty space
has enough energy in it to
vaporize all the Earth's oceans,
all the Earth's oceans.
And he's also
written what I think
is going to be in the
future a Nobel Prize winning
paper about space time
metric engineering,
which explains that when we are
doing this gravity manipulation,
I'm not actually physically
changing the mass of the object.
I'm not manipulating
the mass of the object.
It's different than that.
Instead, what I do is I make
a bubble around the object,
and I manipulate
the bubble itself.
And if you manipulate
the bubble,
manipulate the space
time, you can basically
create an optical
illusion where it
looks like the object is moving
faster than the speed of light
to anyone who's looking at it.
From the object's
perspective, the object
looks like it's moving
at a normal speed.
But from our
perspective, it's not.
So what Harold Puthoff
shows is that the big thing
about Einstein was relativity.
That we're all always in our
own little bubble all the time,
and it just seems like we're
interacting in real time
because we're all
on the same planet.
But if you start to mess
around with the gravity,
you start to get these really
bizarre effects, which include
faster than light travel.
>>NOORY: Where do
people find your work?
>>FORBES: You guys can find
me all over social media
@JustXAshton.
I'm most prominent on X,
where you can find me there.
I stream three nights a
week on YouTube as well.
Also JustXAshton, as well
as all the other socials.
>>NOORY: Ashton, thanks
for being on Beyond Belief.
>>FORBES: Thank you
very much, George Noory.
I appreciate it.
>>NOORY: 239 people
disappeared on March 8th, 2014.
Where in the world did they go?
Think about that.
Thanks for watching
Beyond belief.
[THEME MUSIC]